Yang Er Yang Er
Doctor, what's the matter with my son?
A family
I am very disappointed with the exercises used by Lei Shao's group
Lei Shao's division cares about me, it may be possible
The most important thing is Lei Shao's words
What is such a son?
We have to carry on the family tree next door.
Who is it?
Yeah, we're not close to home.
It will be later to be so cruel
Dad?
Will I never be able to play with women again?
mother
Don't worry.
Dad will definitely find you the best medical treatment
Because you won't avenge me?
I didn't catch everything I suffered
i
Who is it?
To treat you with such cruelty
Xiao Chen
Put Xiao Chen, a trash, and Liu Zhen, like a bitch
Liu Qingxue
You wait for Dad to avenge you now
Dad?
I capture them alive
I want them to
I want them to live rather than die
I'm going to hide it from them
Let them accompany the hardships
Thousand cups
Don't worry.
How dare they treat you so cruelly
I will make them suffer
The Torment of Eighteen Hells
Then let them be the real hell
Qingxue, don't worry
I have given
Yaoyao arranged for the best doctor to treat it
Nothing will happen.
Xiao Chen today
Thank you for saying something stupid.
I am also Yaoyao's father
What construction site is coming, and the hooligans will make trouble for a while.
I'll be there soon.
Xiao Chen's company has an emergency
Regarding the project site of Tenglong Group
I can only go there in person
Yaoyao is here, please take care of it.
Did you do it beforehand?
Leave the matter of Yaoyao to me
Send someone to secretly protect the spirit